README.md, before:

# Three React

A Three.js demo application built with React, showcasing interactive 3D
geometries with a modern UI.

## Overview

This project demonstrates the integration of Three.js with React using
`@react-three/fiber`, featuring animated 3D shapes including cubes, spheres,
toruses, and cones. Users can dynamically switch between different geometries
through an interactive UI.

## Tech Stack

- **React 19** - UI framework
- **Three.js** - 3D graphics library
- **@react-three/fiber** - React renderer for Three.js
- **TanStack Router** - Type-safe routing
- **TanStack Start** - Full-stack React framework
- **Tailwind CSS v4** - Styling
- **Vite** - Build tool
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Biome** - Linting and formatting
- **Vitest** - Testing

## Getting Started

### Installation

```bash
bun install
```

### Development

Run the development server:

```bash
bun dev
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

### Build

Build for production:

```bash
bun build
```

### Preview

Preview the production build:

```bash
bun serve
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: store floor with robots simulation

README.md, after:

# Three React

A Three.js demo application built with React, showcasing interactive 3D
geometries with a modern UI.

## Overview

This project demonstrates the integration of Three.js with React using
`@react-three/fiber`, featuring animated 3D shapes including cubes, spheres,
toruses, and cones. Users can dynamically switch between different geometries
through an interactive UI.

The application also includes a robot 3D map page that visualizes robot
positions and movements in a 3D store environment.

## Tech Stack

- **React 19** - UI framework
- **Three.js** - 3D graphics library
- **@react-three/fiber** - React renderer for Three.js
- **TanStack Router** - Type-safe routing
- **TanStack Start** - Full-stack React framework
- **Tailwind CSS v4** - Styling
- **Vite** - Build tool
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Biome** - Linting and formatting
- **Vitest** - Testing

## Getting Started

### Installation

```bash
bun install
```

### Development

Run the development server:

```bash
bun dev
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

### Build

Build for production:

```bash
bun build
```

### Preview

Preview the production build:

```bash
bun serve
```

## License

MIT
